# White-paper
What is MUTT?    MUTT is a decentralized TRC10 token of ID 1003704 with  a total issuance of 13,000,000 with up to 30% of the total  reserved for the team, it is located on the Tron blockchain  and allows to be sent online easily, however MUTT is  considered by its community as a crypto meme.  Think of it as a fun and collectable token.    MUTT will no longer be issued, however, in special  planned data, specific own kenks will be created for a  special edition limited to 1000 collectible units, for  distribution via air launch, via the official website and for  trading.    MUTT and the dog?    MUTT is the mascot of every Brazilian, it was created in  honor of the caramel mongrel, a dog acclaimed in Brazil  to become the animal honored in the bill of two hundred  reais, but the government did not comply with the  population's request to honor the caramel mongrel then  we served and created the MUTT in honor of Brazil and  that type of dog that is in everyone's heart.    MUTT differs from other fun tokens because it is the  crypto meme that pays homage to the caramel mongrel  that has already proved to be the most beloved and  beloved canine in Brazil, in addition MUTT remains  focused on building a friendly community for street dogs.  Because it is a TRC10 MUTT token, it is accepted in most  portfolios that support TRX.    Do not see MUTT as a simple token or crypto meme, see  it as a universal rule of thought and respect for street  animals, especially abandoned dogs.  If you find a dog abandoned for drinking water, see if you  need veterinary care and if possible take him home and  make sure you will be loved forever.    Just as bitcoin MUTT also has no automatic name  promoting itself so we will treat MUTT developers as  MUTTIONS.
